The Wicked Daughter.
Young people who don't know I'll tell you what has lately been. A lady who was young and fair, She died in sin and dark despair.
She went to parties, both dance and play, in spite of all her parents could say.
I'll turn to God when I get old, and then he will receive my soul.
One Friday morning she was taken ill.
Her stubborn heart began to yield.
Alas, alas, my days are spent.
Too late to go now to repent.
She called her mother to her bed. Her eyes were rolling in her head. When I am dead remember well, Your wicked daughter screams in hell. Earth laughs all there fare thee well
My soul is lost and doomed to hell. Those hellish flames they round me roll. Oh, I'm a lost and ruined soul. She gnawed her tongue before she died. She wrung her hands and screamed and cried.
Oh, must I burn forevermore Ten thousand years all o'er and o'er. Young people now, both great and small Take warning by my dying words
For if you wait till it's too late, You may expect this awful day.